# my-test-task

The website https://vitaliylev.github.io/my-test-task/pokemonList/charmeleon is
a web application for viewing a list of Pokémon. The application is created
using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript technologies, as well as the React and Redux
libraries.

The main page contains a list of Pokémon with pagination that allows viewing
search results by a partial list. Material UI is used to implement pagination.

To show detailed information about a Pokémon, it is necessary to click on the
name of the Pokémon. Then, on the right side of the "Home" page, the name,
image, type, and abilities of the Pokémon are displayed. Also, an "Add to
favorite" button is added, which allows saving the Pokémon to favorites.

# Home page https://ibb.co/YZkvynM

They are displayed on an additional "Favorites" page, which contains a list of
Pokémon that the user has chosen as favorites. This list is stored in local
storage using the Redux Persist library, which allows storing the application
state between user sessions.

# Favorite page https://ibb.co/gZT8sV1

The application also offers two themes - black and white. Themes are also stored
in local storage and can be changed by the user at any time.

# Dark theme https://ibb.co/7VgZkxP

The application is adapted to different screen sizes and styled using Material
UI.

A navigation panel is available on all pages, where users can navigate to any
other page. It consists of two buttons: "Home" and "Favorite" and a theme
switcher.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Сайт https://vitaliylev.github.io/my-test-task/pokemonList/charmeleon є
веб-додатком для перегляду списку покемонів. Додаток створений з використанням
технологій HTML, CSS та JavaScript, а також бібліотек React та Redux.

Основна сторінка містить список покемонів з пагінацією, що дозволяє переглядати
результати пошуку по частині списку. Для реалізації пагінації використовується
Material UI.

Щоб показати детальну інформацію про покемона , необхідно клікнути на ім'я
покемона. Тоді в правій частині сторінки 'Home' відображається ім'я, зображення,
тип та способності покемона. Також добавлена кнопка Add to favorite, яка надає
можливість зберегти покемона до улублених.

# Home page https://ibb.co/YZkvynM

Вони відображаються на додатковій сторінці "Favourites", яка містить список
покемонів, які обрані користувачем як улюблені. Цей список зберігається в
локальному сховищі (local storage) за допомогою бібліотеки Redux Persist, що
дозволяє зберігати стан додатку між сесіями користувача.

# Favorite page https://ibb.co/gZT8sV1

Також в додатку доступні теми оформлення - чорна та біла. Теми також
зберігаються в локальному сховищі та можуть бути змінені користувачем в
будь-який момент.

# Dark theme https://ibb.co/7VgZkxP

Додаток адаптований до різних розмірів екрану та стилізований за допомогою
Material UI.

На всіх сторінках доступна навігаційна панель, де можна перейти на будь-яку з
інших сторінок. Вона складається з двох кнопок: "Home" та "Favorite" та
перемикача теми.
